like this is always a magic night for
our networker this is the night on which
the premiere of a new season of Dancing
with the Stars has begun this is a show
that proves the stars really are just
like us and by that I mean they can't
dance either our dance card this time
around includes the former bachelorette
Hannah B former LA Laker Lamar Odom
former NFL star Ray Lewis a lot of
formers bring perhaps most notably
former White House press secretary Sean
Spicer is dancing this year he will be
paired up with Lindsey Arnold and
sometimes I feel bad for the dance
partners on the show because you know
they grow up working in practicing
working hard dreaming of one day
becoming a professional dancer and then
they wind up having to do it with Donald
Trump's dopey press a gregarious you
think there's gonna be one of their
categories like they always have an NFL
player they always have an Olympic
athlete and a grown-up child star now
maybe they will always have a sad former
member of the Trump administration now
if I was in charge of the show I would
have paired Sean Spicer up with stormy
Daniels that to me was a big mess we get
to see the president's three favorite
boobs on one show together it's the
gambling over the past 80 or so years
this shows been on I've won many
thousands of dollars betting on it for
real every season before Fox has been
trotted I predict which dancer I believe
has what it takes to bring the
Mirrorball trophy home and I bet on and
I'm good at out I'm even better at this
than I am at sets and I'm really very
one of the top guys so earlier this
afternoon at the stroke of lunch I wrote
my pic on a piece of paper which I
folded carefully and printplace inside a
tiny briefcase that briefcase was then
placed inside Guillermo mouths where has
it been kept safe
for quite some time how long has that
briefcase been in your mouth here mo
okay and how was your weekend did you do
anything fun no okay it's time for the
moment of truth
drumroll please this is very suspenseful
it could be anyone really gear mo how's
that briefcase holding up in your mouth
whoa okay in just a moment I will
announce the winner of season 294 and
that winner will be guerre mo
[Music]
Oh J James Bond their beer and James I
don't want to put any extra pressure on
you but if you don't win this for me you
were going back up dawson's creek
without a paddle and that's a problem hi
I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you want to see all
our latest videos click the subscribe
button and if you don't click anyway and
close your eyes when they come on